[DM-2111] lwm2m improvement - required availability (#2305)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-10-20-378-0-possible-to-disable-required-availability-mgmt.md

---
date:

> title: Disabling automatic setting of required interval of LWM2M agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disabling the automatic configuration of the required interval
```

Author: done

change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-2111
version: 10.20.378.0
---

> The LWM2M agent automatically manages the required interval of a LWM2M device based on the LWM2M registration lifetime. It is now possible to disable this behavior globally or for specific devices. 

Reviewer: We should also describe the other option. If I don't use the registration lifetime, how else can I define the interval? Is there a documentation entry we can reference here that describes how it works? Does it just work like for any other device like mentioned here: https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#to-monitor-the-connection-of-a-particular-device?

Author: done

> The LWM2M agent automatically manages the required interval of a LWM2M device based on the LWM2M registration lifetime. It is now possible to disable this behavior globally or for specific devices which will result in a standard Cumulocity connection monitoring as described [in the documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#to-monitor-the-connection-of-a-particular-device). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LWM2M agent automatically manages the required interval of a LWM2M device based on the LWM2M registration lifetime. It is now possible to disable this behavior globally or for specific devices which results in a standard {{< product-c8y-iot >}} connection monitoring as described in [Monitoring and controlling devices](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#to-monitor-the-connection-of-a-particular-device). 
```

> The LWM2M agent automatically manages the required interval of a LWM2M device based on the LWM2M registration lifetime. It is now possible to disable this behavior globally or for specific devices which results in a standard {{< product-c8y-iot >}} connection monitoring as described in [Monitoring and controlling devices](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#to-monitor-the-connection-of-a-particular-device). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cumulocity provides [connectivity monitoring](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices/#to-monitor-the-connection-of-a-particular-device) capabilities for which a required interval needs to be defined. For LwM2M device, this is automatically set by the LWM2M agent based on the registration lifetime. However, if the value is set manually, it will be overwritten by the LWM2M agent after each registration or registration update. This behavior can now be disabled both globally or for specific devices, allowing users to define the required interval independent of the registration lifetime.
```
